Ride Control Hardware Engineer
APPLY NOWApply Later
Job ID 10062103
Location Glendale, California, United States
Business Walt Disney Imagineering
Date posted Sep. 12, 2023
Job Summary:
“We make the magic!”  That’s our motto at Walt Disney Imagineering, the 
arm of The Walt Disney Company that creates key content for Disney Parks, 
Experiences, and Products all around the world.

Ride Control Hardware Engineers work within WDI’s Ride Studio in a highly 
collaborative environment on diverse teams.  Engineering activities cover 
all aspects of control system design and implementation, from concept to 
commissioning, for a wide variety of innovative ride platforms.

Responsibilities:
Manage programmable, electrical, and electronic hardware scope to design 
and deliver control systems for complex, innovative ride systems.

Perform engineering design and analysis for ride systems, focusing on 
electrical control systems.

Develop control system and network architectures.

Design, model, and analyze electrical supply systems.

Research new products, technologies, and methodologies.

Lead a team of ride control engineers and collaborate with other 
professionals to develop ride control systems.

Develop control equipment requirements and specifications.

Develop and implement proof-of-concept mock-ups and prototypes.

Conduct hazard assessments and failure modes and effects analysis.

Manage vendors, contractors, and consultants developing and implementing 
ride control systems.

Define and oversee supplier and consultant design and delivery.

Ensure all delivery and performance requirements are satisfied.

Conduct factory acceptance tests and ride system installation.

Basic Qualifications:
Experienced in fail-safe and safety-related control system design

Extensive knowledge of control processors, components, and communication 
networks

Highly proficient in industrial control system installation, integration, 
and commissioning

Solid understanding of communication protocols: TCP/IP, CAN, serial, 
ProfiNET, Ethernet/IP, EtherCAT

Extensive knowledge of electrical design standards and codes, including 
UL508a and NEC

Familiarity with amusement and automation industry standards, including 
ASTM F2291

Expertise in motor and motion control methods and components

Ability to travel domestically and internationally for 1-week to 3-year 
durations

Ability to handle multiple complex efforts simultaneously, coordinate team 
efforts, and manage tasks and priorities

Preferred Qualifications:
Licensed professional engineer

Proficient with engineering design tools including AutoCAD, Matlab, 
Simulink, Solidworks, EPLAN

Proficient in Rockwell and Siemens automation systems architecture and 
components

Electrical and troubleshooting skills (voltmeter, oscilloscope, etc.)

Knowledge of international amusement industry standards applicable in 
France, Hong Kong, or China

Required Education:
Bachelor of Science Degree in an engineering field from an accredited 
university

Electrical engineering degree highly preferred

This posting is a talent pool for upcoming roles within Walt Disney 
Imagineering - Ride Engineering. We will be considering talent from within 
this pool to fill multiple levels (e.g. Associate, Staff, Senior and 
Principal). 
